Previously on
Home Improvement.
That's not very ladylike!
Somebody call security!
If you're gonna turn this show into
a three-ring circus, I might just quit.
Sorry to lose you.
You were a good man.
Honey, a very prestigious
colleague of Dr. Hanover's
has offered me a job at
his family clinic in Bloomington.
Must be a pretty screwed up family
if they have their own clinic.
This is really an incredible opportunity
for me. This man is amazing.
You're serious about
moving to Indiana?
Don't forget my car's in the shop.
So, I'm gonna take your car
and drop you guys off at school.
Wait? What makes you think
you can just take my car, just like that?
Because I paid for half of it
"just like that."
- Looks like we're gonna do this.
- Yeah.
Move to Indiana.
Yeah. You having second thoughts
at all?
No. You?
No. No.
I guess I'll feel better, you know,
when I make this call to Dr. Lee,
tell him I've decided to come.
Yeah. I think you will.
So, have a great Tool Time
grand finale.
You guys okay
with this move to Indiana?
- Yeah. I think so.
- Well, I'm totally depressed.
This move's gonna be hard on all of us.
It really will.
Not about the move, Dad.
I'm a little depressed my "daddy" is
driving me to school in my car.
We're talking about family.
It's way more important than any car.
Well, it's just as important as a car.
More important than some cars.
Dad, check the gauge!
We're out of gas!
Don't worry about it.
We've got plenty of gas
to get you guys to school
and me to Tool Time.
Dad, we're on "empty."
It's a fuel gauge.
"Empty" doesn't mean empty.
It's just a guide. Don't you know that?
We got 10 miles left.
And it's only 5.3 to get you to school...
Another 2.6 to Tool Time...
You add those together, you...
Well, you add them together,
you know, and...
I don't know what it is,
but I know it's less than 10.
Well, that 10 miles went by
rather fast, huh?
Advertise your product or brand here
contact www.OpenSubtitles.org today
You know, it just seems like yesterday
you guys used to sit in my lap
and hold the wheel while I drove.
Hey, don't get any ideas.
You know, that's gonna be the
hardest part about moving.
So many memories here.
This is where you guys grew up.
- Group hug.
- Oh, man!
- Dad, we're too old for this.
- You're too old for a group hug?
It's back to individual ones, then.
Bad, bad, bad, bad boy
You make me feel so good
- Mom!
- What?
- Dad's cussing.
- I'm not cussing.
- He said a bad word.
- It wasn't bad.
Yeah, he said "hell" and "damn."
- I did not say "damn."
- Now you did.
Hey, Dad, I heard a good joke today.
- What was it?
- Okay.
What did the moron
have for breakfast?
I don't know.
This morning you had
scrambled eggs and toast!
Bad, bad, bad, bad boy
You make me feel so good
It's not that big a deal.
- I mean, I've had detention before.
- It's the first day of school!
No one ever gets detention
on the first day of school.
I wouldn't say no one.
No, it's gonna take a minute to boot up.
I still have that old 286 chip on it.
Not much power.
Are you saying this thing
needs more power?
Lemme open it up.
I can make this thing go faster.
Well, why don't we just
save you the trouble
and throw it up against the wall?
Oh, man!
Bad, bad, bad, bad boy
You make me feel so good
Oh, so now you're telling me
what I can and can't write?
You're acting like
some tyrannical fascist.
Did he just call me a dinosaur?
Sex is... It's like a car.
The best idea
is to keep the car in the garage
for a long, long, long time.
And then, somewhere in the future,
the distant future,
when that garage door opens,
you gotta think, "Car cover."
Guys, will you clean up
this pigsty, now?
Yeah. We'll get right on it.
Ah, look at this picture of the kids.
This is what?
The summer of 1991. Aren't they cute?
- Hey.
Hey, Brad. I'll take that change
from the gas money now.
Oh, yeah.
Maybe next time you'll fill up the tank
like I asked you to.
Hope you learned something from this.
Yeah, that the "E" stands for "empty,"
not "extra 10 miles."
I'll tell you one thing. If I had built this
car, it'd have an extra fuel tank in it.
Dad, if you built this car,
we'd be taking the bus.
Hey, if there's one thing Dad knows
how to do, it's build a car, okay?
This is the greatest gift
you've ever given me.
I gave you three children.
Yeah. But none of them
came out this clean.
Oh, switchblade 327
Lit cigarette in his hand
Steel-toed boots on the accelerator
Oil leaking out of the pan
Switchblade, three two-barrels
Getting there as fast as you can
All juiced up like a hot carburetor
Spitting gas on the fan
All right, under the car. Man territory.
Switchblade! 327
Switchblade! Seven come 11
Switchblade!Oh, he's all right
- I'm addicted to cars.
- Well, duh!
I'm thinking of checking into
the Henry Ford Clinic.
Dad, can we stop? I'm really hungry.
How can you be hungry?
Your mom just cooked us breakfast.
Did you eat it?
It was good oatmeal.
It was scrambled eggs.
Bad scrambled eggs.
Yeah. When I get married,
I'm gonna make a woman prove to me
that she's a good cook.
That's why you're gonna be 80,
alone and very hungry.
Come on! Cooking has nothing
to do with a relationship.
Your mom and I have a good marriage
because we share
an honest, mutual respect.
How could you say that?
Why do you always bug me
during the football game?
Did I bug you during childbirth?
No. But you bugged me
during conception.
Little gas ball. Moving... Moving.
This is real attractive.
I just read this survey,
and it said that some couples,
no matter how busy they are,
still make love five times a week.
With each other?
Where were we?
It's kind of hard to remember.
This will refresh your memory.
- Can't we just... Can't we just...
- No, no...
- One time. Just think, think, think.
- No... No... No...
- But... Home-automated system!
- No! No!
We never actually said that we
weren't gonna have another baby.
I've said it. I've talked about it.
I know I've talked about it.
I mentioned it on Tool Time.
Oh, great. So 11 people know about it?
Do you remember babies at all?
Dirty diapers. Colic.
2:00 a.m. feedings!
3:00 a.m. feedings!
I don't have the energy
for that anymore.
You don't have the energy to say,
"Wake up, Jill, the baby wants you"?
Sorry. I'm sorry! Mark was right.
You shouldn't have double onions
on those chili dogs.
Hello.
Your mom and I have
had our share of disagreements,
but in the end,
it doesn't matter, you know?
Because one of us always apologizes.
- You?
- Yup.
It was a good thing that you
had Wilson here to help you out.
Well, he's learned as much from me
as I have from him.
Tim, would you mind listening
while I ruminate?
No, go ahead.
Use the bush over by the gazebo.
There was a time when I thought
my extensive research
into ancient tribal cultures,
obscure scientific data,
the thoughts of great philosophers
would never come in handy.
Then you moved in.
I like to create, Wilson. Everything I do
I want to make bigger and better.
Well, Tim, this obsessive
desire to create partly happens
because men feel inferior to women.
It's because we can't bear children.
I don't mind the boys that much.
Wilson, you're not making me
feel any better.
Well, excuse me! Why do I always
have to be Santa's little helper?
- Well...
- I mean, I have wants. I have needs.
I have issues. But does anyone ever
come to the fence and say,
"Wilson, do you have a problem?"
I mean, no!
It's just "Me, me, me, me!"
You know, Tim, I'm reminded
of an old philosopher who once said,
"You have to give a little, take a little..."
"Let your poor heart break a little."
- That's the story of
- That's the glory of love
Hey, there.
I get recognized everywhere.
Dad, he was honking
because you took up two lanes.
He was thrilled to see me.
That's why he was waving his hand.
Dad, that was only part of his hand.
He was saying,
"Tool Time is number one."
Does everybody know what time it is?
- Tool Time!
Hi. Tim "The Tool Man" Taylor.
And you all know my assistant,
Al "This Land is" Borland.
Oh, my God!
What is this thing on your head?
It's a little piece of table.
What happened?
Mr. Negativity Al distracted me, and
I got my head cemented to this table.
They had to take a saber saw to get me
off of that table.
Don't you think you should go
to the emergency room?
I was just there.
They said I wasn't a priority.
Why? Was there a guy
with a whole table stuck to his head?
What do we need?
- More power!
Come on, guys!
Jam it in the light.
Stuff like this.
Here you go, Tim.
The one good thing about Tool Time
being over is no more accidents.
We still have a house.
You know what they say.
Every year, over 100,000
accidents occur in the home.
And 99,000 of those
occur in our home.
All right, Dad. Let her rip.
No, wait a minute. Wait a minute.
I think we should say a prayer first.
Please, Lord.
Don't let our house blow up.
I get knocked down
But I get up again
You're never gonna keep me down
I get knocked down
But I get up again
You're never gonna keep me down
I get knocked down
But I get up again
You're never gonna keep me down
I get knocked down
But I get up again
You're never gonna keep me down
Ground. We're looking to ground.
Yellow, see?
The sun is yellow. It heats the ground.
That's how they name stuff.
Is that car running?
Oh, shake it off.
I get knocked down
But I get up again
You're never gonna keep me down
I get knocked down
But I get up again
You're never gonna keep me down
It's okay. The ground seems
to have broken my fall.
Get knocked down
But I get up again
You're never gonna keep me down
I get knocked down
But I get up again
You're never gonna keep me down
You know, Marge,
it's kind of gratifying
to be here in the hospital
and not be a patient.
- See you, "Tool Man."
- Hey, buddy.
Well, maybe you can
have that feeling another day.
- Hey, thanks for the ride, Dad.
- You bet.
- Yeah. Go get 'em at Tool Time.
- Yeah. Break a leg, huh?
- Oh, you know what I mean.
- Hey, guys?
I probably don't say this enough
to you two, but I love you guys.
I'm really happy the way you guys
turned out, you know?
You're smart, hard-working,
honest boys.
Here's the rest of that gas money.
I knew you were holding out.
- Get out of here.
- Later, Dad. Love you.
- Have a good day, Dad.
- You, too.
Love you.
A lot of memories.
I'm perfectly happy being married to
a man who thinks that
PBS is something that
women get once a month.
Honey, it is much safer for a man
to get a vasectomy
than it is for a woman to have
a tubal ligation.
Says who?
The Wives with Knives Club?
A woman?
You brought me here to see a woman?
I didn't know she was a woman.
My gynecologist just said that
Dr. Kaplan was the best
urologist in town.
How am I supposed to talk to a woman
about what's going on in man land?
Man land? Now you got a theme park
between your legs?
Demolition derby... Sexy wife...
Could you hold that thought
until about 10:00 tonight?
Wait a minute. This thought here?
That... That would be the one.
What causes sibling rivalry?
Having more than one kid.
You fired the granite guy?
Did you hear what I said?
He came on to me.
What did he say?
You had a nice outfit or something?
He kissed me.
- What did you do?
- I... I pushed him away!
- Well, you should have fired him!
- I did fire him!
You fired the granite guy?
It's always been my fantasy
to be with a man
who enjoyed doing
the same things I do.
You know, like taking me
to the opera, the ballet, the theater.
That's my fantasy too.
- Really?
- Uh-huh.
If I could find that man,
I wouldn't have to go myself.
Our wedding was so beautiful.
I am so glad that I didn't let anybody
talk me out of marrying you.
Who tried to talk you
out of marrying me?
Oh, no one. You know, just
my mom, my dad,
my sisters, my friends,
the minister, the postman,
some guys down at the mailbox.
It's hard to say goodbye
You're much more than a friend
When good times becomes memories
They never really end
Like ancient rites of passage
It's time to carry on
We caught lightening in a bottle
As we went along
We've got it all
Wouldn't change a minute
Never will forget it
As years go slipping by us
You know we will recall
These times we've found together
We've got it all
Long goodbyes never suited
you and me
You know if God is willing
We'll go on eternally
We've got it all
I can't believe this is my last
Tool Time.
Well, those 10 miles went by
rather fast, huh?
I tell you to fill the car up, do as I say.
I hope you learned that.
Yeah, I learned that the "E"...
I'll tell you one thing.
Wilson's learned enough from me,
you know, to fill a bushel basket
full of pears.
Support us and become VIP member
to remove all ads from www.OpenSubtitles.org